docs for variable obfuscation (#561)
DevCycleHQ/devcycle-docs: docs/extras/feature-obfuscation/feature-obfuscation.md

---
title: Feature Obfuscation
sidebar_position: 1
---

Feature flags are often used to hide upcoming features before release. Normally, not showing the feature on a UI

> is enough to conceal it from users. However, in some cases it may be important to ensure that no trace of the feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is enough to conceal it from users. However, in some cases, it may be important to ensure that no trace of the feature
```

Author: I kinda prefer it the original way :O that's how I would say it out loud

can be found in the code that is shipped to users. This is particularly important on the web, where all the source

> code for the page can be easily seen by end-users. Even when the code is obfuscated, any strings containing text from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is particularly important on the web, where end-users can easily see all the source code for the page.
```
